exercise/07-pending-ui/README.md, before:

# 07. Pending UI

## 📝 Notes

## Background

No matter how hard you try, you can't control your user's network and sometimes that's gonna be slow. Without JavaScript, the browser will show a spinner in favicon to give the user some feedback that stuff's going on. But once we start making fetch requests, the browser doesn't give the user any feedback.

We can show a spinner easily enough. The trick is to know when. Well, because Remix manages the network for you, it knows when you're making network requests and you can use that to know when to show a spinner. Just hook into transitions via Remix's `useTransition()` hook and you're in business:

📜 [`useTransition()` docs](https://remix.run/docs/en/v1/api/remix#usetransition)

## Exercise

We've slowed down the customers' page load time. So navigating around the customers will be slow and frustrating. We already have a spinner component implemented for you. Your job is just to render it when the app is loading. Using `useTransition` you can render the spinner when the app is in a loading state (💰 or a not "idle" state).

💯 As extra credit, you can use [`spin-delay`](https://npm.im/spin-delay) (already installed) to delay showing and hiding the spinner so you never get a flash of loading state.

## Files

- `app/routes/__app.tsx`

Commit message:

add feedback links and more emoji

exercise/07-pending-ui/README.md, after:

# 07. Pending UI

## 📝 Notes

## 🤓 Background

No matter how hard you try, you can't control your user's network and sometimes that's gonna be slow. Without JavaScript, the browser will show a spinner in favicon to give the user some feedback that stuff's going on. But once we start making fetch requests, the browser doesn't give the user any feedback.

We can show a spinner easily enough. The trick is to know when. Well, because Remix manages the network for you, it knows when you're making network requests and you can use that to know when to show a spinner. Just hook into transitions via Remix's `useTransition()` hook and you're in business:

📜 [`useTransition()` docs](https://remix.run/docs/en/v1/api/remix#usetransition)

## 💪 Exercise

We've slowed down the customers' page load time. So navigating around the customers will be slow and frustrating. We already have a spinner component implemented for you. Your job is just to render it when the app is loading. Using `useTransition` you can render the spinner when the app is in a loading state (💰 or a not "idle" state).

💯 As extra credit, you can use [`spin-delay`](https://npm.im/spin-delay) (already installed) to delay showing and hiding the spinner so you never get a flash of loading state.

## 🗃 Files

- `app/routes/__app.tsx`

## 🦉 Elaboration and Feedback

After the instruction, if you want to remember what you've just learned, then
fill out the elaboration and feedback form:

(https://ws.kcd.im/?ws=Advanced%20Remix%20%F0%9F%A6%B8&e=7%3A%2007.%20Pending%20UI&em=)
